And so forth.
Ah, what's the matter?
Lord Jade Emperor
Think about it.
Marrying me is the long-cherished wish of all women in the world
And you happen to have a crush on me
Are you sure you want to pass up this rare opportunity?
I've thought it through.
Lord Jade Emperor, let's be the hero in my heart
As for the security guard
Maybe he is the firework in my heart
What if that security guard
It's the same person as the emperor you like
Is it perfect in your heart?
One Emperor
What do you mean?
It means that a emperor is a battle of love
Love is a king
Qin Zhan, you dare to play with me
What do you mean by playing with you?
You jerk
How dare you pretend to be a yellow to deceive me
You are simply despicable and ignorant
I didn't lie to you.
I am really a king
Do you think I am a 3-year-old child to deceive?
You, a security guard, will be a king
You do this
It's just the last bit of goodwill you have with me
It's all gone.
I'm really a doctor
Why don't you believe me?
Okay, okay, I don't want to talk to you anymore.
You are shameless and defile a emperor
Roll as far as you want
Do you want to see your dad?